0

GLFitHelp

"
<html>
<head>
<title>
Fit Window
</title>
</head>
<body>

<h3>Fit window</h3>
<p>

The fit window consists of a number of subwindows. On the left side, the
available curves and fits are listed. After a fit is selected, its
functional form is displayed in the bottom left corner of the window, and
its parameters are listed in the upper right of the window. For some
functional forms, like polynomial, the fit can be done with no input from
the user. To fit this type of curve, either double click on the fit name
itself (in the fit list), or select <i>Fit</i> from the <i>Fit</i> menu.

<p>

Other functional forms require a first guess to be supplied by the user.
These guesses are typed into the <i>Fit values</i> input fields beside the
appropriate <i>Parameter name</i>. When a value for each paramter has been
input, the values of the parameters can be tested by selecting <i>Test
start values</i> from the <i>Fit</i> menu. A curve corresponding to the
current parameters will then be drawn in the plot. Further changes made to
the <i>Fit values</i> will automatically be reflected in the test curve.
Once a reasonable approximation to the data is attained, select <i>Fit</i>
from the <i>Fit</i> menu.

<p>

Once a good fit has been obtained, it can be plotted on the original plot
by selecting <i>Plot</i> from the <i>Fit</i> menu.

<p>

<a name=AddingFits>
<b>Adding fits</b>

<p>

There are a number of ways to add new fit functions. A polynomial fit can
be added by selecting <i>New polynomial fit</i> from the <i>Fit</i> menu. A
non-linear fit can be added by selecting <i>New non-linear fit</i> from the
<i>Fit</i> menu. 

<p>

For increased performance, a new fit function can be added by creating a
new fit module. An example of such a module can be found in the
<i>fitmodule</i> directory of the distribution. Once a module is created,
it should be placed in the user's home directory, in the
<i>.glove/fitdfmodule/</i> directory. It will then be displayed (after
restarting Glove), in the <i>Fit</i> list.

</body>
</html>"
