0

GLPlotHelp

"<html>
<head>
<title>
Plot Window
</title>
</head>

<h3>Plot window</h3>

<a name=Settings>

<p>
<b>Curve settings</b> 
<p>

To change the settings of a curve, either select <i>Change curve
options...</i> from the Options menu, double-click on the appropriate curve
label in the legend, or right-click on the curve name in the legend.

<p>
<b>Scale</b>
<p>

You can change the scale of the plot in several ways. To view the scale
dialog box, which allows you to change the scale in both axes, you can
select <i>Change scale...</i> from the <i>Options</i> menu, or double-click
on the appropriate axis. To scale without the dialog, click and drag the
mouse, which will create a zoom rectangle. If the Meta key is pressed, the
scale will be changed to show exactly the region contained by the zoom
rectangle. If the Meta key is not pressed, a reasonable scale will be
chosen around the area of interest. To return the scale to the default,
select <i>Reset scale...</i> from the <i>Options</i> menu.

<p>
<b>Range</b>  
<p>

The range specifies what portion of the curves will be drawn, and what
portion of the curves will by used in the analysis. To set the range, zoom
in to the desired range and select <i>Copy scale to range</i> from the
<i>Options</i> menu. Alternately, you can specify a range in the <i>Edit
Plot Range</i> dialog by selecting <i>Change range...</i> from the
<i>Options</i> menu. You can then reset the range by selecting Clear range
from the <i>Options</i> menu.

<p>
<b>Labels</b> 
<p>

You can edit the plot labels either by selecting Labels from the
<i>Options</i> menu, or double-clicking on the appropriate label.

<a name=Cursors>

<p>
<b>Cursors</b>
<p>

Cursors are a useful way of determining the position of various features 
on a curve. If you view Dual cursors, the values of both cursors will be 
displayed along with the distance between them.

<p>

The values of the cursors can be used by an external module, for example to
look up a value in an external table, by selected the appropriate module in
the <i>Cursor module</i> sub-menu of the <i>Cursor</i> menu.

<p>

<a name=Marks>

<p>
<b>Marks</b>
<p>

You can mark a particular value with a line, either vertical or horizontal,
by selecting <i>Mark cursor</i> from the <i>Cursor</i> menu. If you select
<i>Show mark window</i>, a table of the current marks will be displayed at
the bottom of the plot. This table can be printed to an encapsulated
postscript (EPS) file by selecting <i>Print marks as EPS...</i> from the
<i>Plot</i> menu.

<a name=Analysis>

<p>
<b>Curve fitting</b> 
<p>

To open the <a href=jxhelp:GLFitHelp>Fit window</a>, in order to fit a
curve, select <i>Open fit window</i> from the Analysis menu. Once fits have
been calculated from the fit window, the fit parameters and residual plots
can be viewed by selecting the appropriate entry in the <i>Fit
parameters</i> and <i>Residual plots</i> sub-menus.

</html>"
